{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 page 13 wrong unit \
\
page 18: Strange jumps in upper  graphs\
page 19: strange jumps\
page 20: strange jumps\
\
\
Waiting for cables:\
\
\
Setup:\
Position\
dailgauge manual reading\
resolver\
openloop\
\
7037 card\
\
70 mm\
\
setup on page 9 (10) pic\
\
All tests open loop!!\
\
Check controller settings for current and so.. PAGE 28\
\
Test 1:\
For each slit make readings of resolver. make a distribution graph of the readings\
Histogram stddeviation.\
Signal checks. Test all switches and components\
\
\
Test 2: Repeatability add dail gauged\
measure repeatability. Reading resolver and daily gauge manually\
\
10 times from on e directions to same target and read the two feedbacks.\
\
A few positions over the stroke. 3 positions over stroke.\
\
Test 3: Same as 1. Approach from other direction to same target positions.\
\
Test 4: Error over the range based on resolver otherwise same as JJ test.\
0mm..60mm  (centre strok). graph on page 28. \
\
They have  compensation for linearity error of their encoder and open loop.\
\
4.1 make dedicated positioning over the scan \
4.2 make a scan with slow speed to understand difference with 3.1\
\
If similar then make scans for all tests.\
\
\
JJ-Xray have used:\
* Motor current 0.6A\
\
Use same current as JJ-XRAY for test 1..3!\
\
\
Test 5: Go down with current. Find when troubles appear. motor not moving\
0.5 A 0.4A \'85.\
\
\
\
\
}